Add Sample logs and Invalid values to training courses (#29845)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/tutorials/mantid_basic_course/connecting_data_to_instruments/07_invalid_sample_logs.rst

.. _07_invalid_sample_logs:

===================
Invalid Sample Logs
===================

.. raw:: html

    <style> .red {color:#FF0000; font-weight:bold} </style>
    <style> .pink {color:#FF797B; font-weight:bold} </style>

.. role:: red
.. role:: pink

Sample logs can be marked as invalid when measured. This is simply a mark that there is not full confidence
this sample log.

- Logs that only include invalid entries are displayed as :red:`red` in the Sample Logs table.
  These entries are not filtered.

- Logs that have some invalid and some good entries are displayed in some shade of :pink:`pink`,

>   more red for a greater percentage of invalid values. The entries in this partially invalid logs are filtered

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  where redder shades indicate a greater percentage of invalid values. The entries in this partially invalid logs are filtered
```

>   (to remove invalid entries, and any entries measured outside of the time interval defined by the run status).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (to remove invalid entries and any entries measured outside of the time interval defined by the run status).
```

> The plot, which displays relevant sample logs, can be changed to show the filtered and unfiltered entries,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plot, which displays relevant sample logs, can be changed to show the filtered and unfiltered entries
```

by toggling the `Filtered` tickbox at the top of the Sample Logs interface.

e.g. ENGINX00228061_log_alarm_data.nxs

.. figure:: /images/cryo_temp1_log.png
   :alt: Invalid Sample Logs for ENGINX00228061_log_alarm_data.nxs
   :align: center

- Fully Invalid ``cryo_temp2 (3 entries)`` `All of the values in the log are marked invalid, none of them are filtered.`
- Partially invalid ``cryo_temp1 7.0 (1 entry)`` `1/2 of the values in the log is marked invalid, and is filtered.`

.. figure:: /images/wb_invalid_log_shading.png
   :alt: cyro_temp1 - 1/2 of the values in the log is marked invalid, and is filtered
   :align: center

For ``cryo_temp1`` unfiltered there are 3 entries ``[3.0,5.0,7.0]``. The first value ``[3.0]`` was recorded at
negative relative time, before the Status sample log was marked as RUNNING, so it was filtered out.
Then, as mentioned in the tooltip in the image above, 1 of the 2 entries that occurred during run time,

> was invalid ``[5.0]``. When filtered, this leaves one valid entry ``[7.0]``, which is focussed on in the Filtered

Reviewer: ```suggestion
was invalid at ``[5.0]``. When filtered, this leaves one valid entry ``[7.0]``, which is focussed on in the Filtered
```
